" G R E A S E "
--- Subtitle Rip & Fixed by: Draculdud ---
Love...
..is a many splendored thing
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
I'm going back to Australia.
I might never see you again.
Don't talk that way. Sandy.
But it's true.
I've just had the best summer of
my life and now I have to go away.
It isn't fair.
- Danny. don't spoil it.
- It's not spoiling it.
It's only making it better.
Is this the end?
Of course not.
It's only the beginning.
This is the Main Brain.
Vince Fontaine...
beginning your day with
the only way-- music. music. music.
Get out of bed.
It's the first day of school.
Don't be a slob. Don't get a job.
Go back to class. You can pass.
To start the day nice and fine. I'll
play a new ol' favorite of mine.
I solve my problems
and I see the light
We got a lovin' thing
We gotta feed it right
There ain't no danger
we can go too far
We start believin' now
that we can be who we are
Grease is the word
They think our love
is just a growin' pain
Why don't they understand
it's just a cryin'shame
Their lips are lyin'
Only real is real
We stop the fight right now
We got to be what we feel
- Grease is the word
Is the word that you heard
It's got groove
It's got meaning
Grease is the time
is the place. is the motion
Grease is the way
we are feelin'
We take the pressure
and we throw away
Conventionality
Belongs to yesterday
There is a chance
that we can make it so far
We start believin' now
that we can be who we are
- Grease is the word
Is the word that you heard
It's got groove
It's got meaning
Grease is the time
is the place. is the motion
Now. grease is the way
we are feelin'
This is a life
of illusion
- Wrapped up in troubles
- In troubles
Laced with confusion
What are we doing here
We take the pressure
and we throw away
Conventionality
belongs to yesterday
There is a chance
that we can make it so far
We start believin' now
That we can be who we are
- Grease is the word
Is the word that you heard
It's got groove
It's got meaning
Grease is the time
is the place. is the motion
Now. grease is the way
we are feeling
- Grease is the word
Is the word that you heard
It's got groove
It's got meaning
Grease is the time
is the place. is the motion
Now. grease
is the way we are feelin'
Grease is the word
is the word. is the word
Is the word. is the word
- Give me that.
- Back. back. back.
You're not supposed to eat this.
You're supposed to bury it.
That's a homemade lunch.
Your old lady drag her car cass
out of bed for you?
Sure. Putzie. She does it every year
on the first day of school.
- Big deal.
- Yeah.
- Kenickie. Over here. Kenickie.
- Where you at?
We're right here.
- Where were you all summer?
- What are you. my mother?
- I was just askin'.
- I was Workin'.
Which is more
than any of youse kids can say.
- Workin'?
- That's right. I was luggin' boxes at Bargain City. moron.
- Nice job.
- Eat me.
- I'm savin' up for some wheels.
- Yeah?
- You wanna hear what I did?
- No.
There's Danny.
Over here. How you doin'?
Have you seen
any new broads over there?
Just the same old chicks
everybody's made.
What'd you do
all summer. Danny?
I was hangin' around
down at the beach. You know.
I know what you mean. It's tough
with all those chicks around you.
The only thing that hangs
around you. Sonny. are the flies.
- Right here. Putzie. huh?
- How was the action at the beach?
- It was flippin'.
- Crazy?
I did meet this one chick.
She was sort of cool.
She puts out?
Come on. Sonny.
Is that all you ever think about?
Friggin' "A."
Hey. guys. wait up.
- Do I look okay. Frenchie?
- Sure. You look good.
- I'm really nervous. you know?
- You look terrific.
So. this is Rydell.
Yep. You'll love it.
I loved the last school I was at.
I wish I was there right now.
Still. I'm no stranger
to heartbreak.
Why? You got psoriasis?
Oh. God.
Well. here we are again.
Yeah. but this time
we're seniors.
And we're gonna rule
the school.
- Jan. that is so adolescent.
- But we are adolescent.
We don't have to flaunt it.
Okay. girls...
Let's go get 'em.
Blanche. do you have
the new schedules?
Yes. Miss McGee.
I just had my hands on them.
Oh. good.
They'll be nice and smudged.
Here we are.
If it had been a snake.
it would have bitten me.
These are the schedules
we couldn't find for last semester.
Maybe next year you'll find
the ones for this semester.
- I've got Kenickie again.
- He's been here longer than I have.
It's the first day of school and
already my castor oil is missing.
How many days
till Christmas vacation?
- Eighty-six.
- Eighty-six?
I'm counting.
May I help you. dear?
This is my first day of school. I'm
not sure where I'm supposed to be.
Welcome to Rydell. You'll have to
fill out a few of these forms. but--
Will you excuse me for a minute?
I'll be right back. Boys.
Excuse me.
Do you have a pencil. please?
Yes. dear. Here you are.
Every teacher I got this year
has flunked me at least once.
If you don't watch it. you'll spend
all your time in McGee's office.
Well. this year she's gonna
wish she's never seen me.
Yeah?
What are you gonna do?
I ain't gonna take any of her crap.
I don't take no crap from nobody.
Hello. ma'am.
Aren't you supposed to be
in homeroom right now?
- I was just going for a walk.
- You were just dawdling.
- Yes. ma'am.
- That is no way...
to start a new semester.
Mr. Latierri.
Perhaps a session
of banging erasers after school...
- would put you on the right track.
- Yes. ma'am.
Are you just gonna
stand there all day?
No. ma'am. Yes. ma'am.
I was just--
- Which is it. yes or no?
- No. ma'am.
- Good. Then move.
- Yes. ma'am.
I'm sure glad you didn't take
any of her crap. Sonny.
- You would have told her off?
- "Mr. Latierri".
Yes. ma'am. No. ma'am."
- Hey. Eugene.
- Hi. Danny. Hi. fellas.
- Did you have a nice summer?
- Shake. buddy.
What's wrong?
You're wearin' glasses.
- I got a stigmatism.
- Too bad.
Let's go.
As I go traveling
down life's highway
Whatever course
my fortunes may foretell
I shall not go alone
on my way
Good morning.
boys and girls.
Welcome to what
we're sure will be...
our greatest year at Rydell.
Saturday night will be
our first pep rally and bonfire...
and I want to see
all of you students out there...
with plenty of support for Coach
Calhoun and the Rydell Rangers.
If you can't be an athlete.
be an athletic supporter.
Now for the really good news...
and probably one
of the most exciting things...
to ever happen at Rydell High.
The National Bandstand television
show has selected Rydell...
as a representative
American high school...
and will do a live broadcast
from our very own gym.
It is our chance
to show the entire nation...
what fine. bright.
clean-cut...
wholesome students...
we have here at Rydell.
Did you guys get a look
at Zuko this morning?
Lookin' pretty good
this year. huh. Rizz?
- That's ancient history.
- History sometimes repeats itself.
- Hey. you guys.
- Hi. Frenchie.
Go sit down.
This here is Sandy Olsen...
and that's Jan and Marty
and this is Rizzo.
She just moved here
from Sidney. Australia.
- How are things down under?
- Oh. fine. thanks.
Marty. are those new glasses?
Yeah. I just got 'em for school.
Don't they make me look smarter?
- Nah. You can still see your face.
- How do you like school so far?
- It's different.
- Hi. kids.
Patty Simcox. the bad seed
of Rydell Hi..Hi!
I just love the first day
of school. don't you?
- It's my life's biggest thrill.
- You'll never guess what happened.
- Probably not.
- They announced the nominees...
for Student Council and guess
who's up for Vice President.
- Who?
- Me.
Isn't that the most.
to say the least?
The very least.
I just hope I don't make
too poor a showing.
We certainly wish you
the best of luck. Don't we. girls?
- Yeah. sure.
- I got my fingers crossed.
Here.
You must think I'm a terrible clod
for not introducing myself.
Hi. I'm Patty Simcox.
Welcome to Rydell!
I hope you'll be
at cheerleader tryouts.
We'll have so much fun
and get to be lifelong friends.
How do you like Sandy? Do you think
we could let her in the Pink Ladies?
- She looks too pure to be pink.
- Double doo-doo.
- Please.
- What's up. doc?
One of my diamonds
just fell in the macaroni.
Hey. Kenickie. you want
a piece of salami?
Are you kiddin'? If I eat that.
I'll smell like you.
What a stink.
Hey. guys. look.
Ladies and gentlemen.
dingleberries on parade.
Yeah.
Look. You really put your foot
into it this time. Chisum.
Try hopscotch.
you hot dog.
Gumdrops. man.
Any of you guys see
that new chick at registration?
She sure beats
the foam-domes around here.
Her jugs were bigger
than Annette's?
Nobody's jugs
are bigger than Annette's.
Right.
Hey. guys.
Hi. girls.
You're a sick man. Putz.
I wanna hear about what
Danny did at the beach.
Yeah.
- It was nothin'.
- Sure. Nothin'. Zuko. right?
- You got in her drawers. right?
- Tell us about that girl.
What'd you do this summer?
I spent most of it at the beach.
I met a boy there.
Hauled your cookies all the way
to the beach for some guy?
- He was sort of special.
- There ain't no such thing.
It was really romantic.
You don't wanna hear
all the horny details.
- Are you kiddin' me?
- All right. I'll tell you.
Summer lovin'
Had me a blast
happened so fast
I met a girl crazy for me
Met a boy cute as can be
Summer days driftin' away
To those summer nights
Well-a. well-a. well-a. huh
Tell me more. tell me more
Did you get very far
Like. does he have a car
She swam by me
She got a cramp
He went by me
Got my suit damp
I saved her life
'cause she nearly drowned
He showed off
splashin' around
Summer sun
Something's begun
But. oh. those summer nights
Well-a. well-a. well-a. huh
Tell me more. tell me more
Was it love at first sight
Did she put up a fight
Took her bowlin'
in the arcade
We went strollin'
drank lemonade
We made out
under the dock
We stayed out
till ten o'clock
Summer fling
don't mean a thing. but
Oh. those summer nights
Tell me more. tell me more
But you don't gotta brag
'Cause he sounds
like a drag
Yeah
He got friendly
holdin' my hand
Well. she got friendly
down in the sand
He was sweet
just turned eighteen
Well. she was good
You know what I mean
Summer heat
Boy and girl meet
But. oh. those summer nights
Tell me more. tell me more
How much dough did he spend
Could she get me a friend
It turned colder
That's where it ends
So I told her
We'd still be friends
Then we made
Our true love vow
Wonder what
She's doing now
Summer dreams
Ripped at the seams
But
Oh
Those summer
Nights
Tell me more
Tell me more. more. more
He sounds real nice.
True love and he didn't
lay a hand on you?
- Sounds like a creep to me.
- He wasn't. He was a gentleman.
Hey. what was his name?
Danny. Danny Zuko.
Well. I think
he sounds peachy keen...
and. well. maybe if you
believe in miracles...
Prince Charming
will show up again someday...
somewhere unexpected.
See you later.
Come on. girls.
Do you really think so?
- Sure.
- Yeah?
I think we ought
to get to class.
Do the splits. give a yell.
show a little spirit for Rydell!
Way to go.
red and white...
go Rydell.
fight. fight. fight!
And now--
Quiet. please.
Quiet. everyone.
And now. boys and girls.
the man of the hour.
The coach we're
all depending on...
to pull Rydell out
of a seven-season slump.
Our very own Coach Calhoun.
- Who's the best?
- Rydell!
Give'em hell. Rydell!
Just wanna tell you students that
you have a banneryear comin' up.
A banneryear.
'Cause my boys are primed.
I mean. really primed
because I primed them.
They're not only primed. They're
honed to a sharp razor edge.
We're not just going
out there to win.
We're going out there for glory.
When we get out there...
we're gonna yank'em
and tear 'em...
and rip'em.
We're gonna take'em
and roll 'em around...
and rip 'em up to pieces!
Then we're gonna
slaughter 'em!
After the slaughter is over...
we're gonna come back here
and ring that victory bell.
Like we always wanted to.
Watch this.
Do a split. give a yell.
shake a tit for old Rydell.
Guys...
be cool. huh?
Watch out. pinhead.
- What do you think?
- What a hunk of junk.
Wait till I give it a paint job
and soup up the engine.
She's gonna run like a champ.
I'm racin' her at Thunder Road.
- Thunder Road?
- You wanna make something of it?
Uh-huh. I wanna see you
make something of this heap.
You're cruisin'
for a bruisin'.
What are the Scorpions doin' here?
This ain't their turf.
- You think they wanna rumble?
- If they do. we'll be ready.
All right. gang.
let's go get 'em!
- Hey. check this.
- Hey. what you doin'?
Thanks. Frenchie.
It's all right. You were something.
You were really great out there.
I really messed up.
I was so nervous.
- Your split was devoom.
- Hi. Sandy.
- Hi. Rizz. Hi. girls.
- We got a surprise for you.
- What is it?
- You'll see.
- Right. Rizz?
- Let me comb your hair down.
Where we going?
Want a little lipstick?
If we fix up this car. it could be
make-out city. you know that?
The chick is gonna have to put out
before she even gets in.
- You better believe it.
- Hey. Zuko...
I got a surprise for you.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah.
What are you doing here? I thought
you were going back to Australia.
- We had a change of plan.
- I can't--
That's cool. baby. You know
how it is. rockin' and rollin'...
and what not.
- That's my name. Don't wear it out.
- What's the matter with you?
What's the matter with me. babe?
What's the matter with you?
What happened to the Danny Zuko
I met at the beach?
I do not know. I mean.
maybe there's two of us. right?
Why don't you take out
a missing persons ad...
or try the yellow pages?
I don't know.
You're a fake and a phony and I
wish I'd never laid eyes on you.
I wonder if she carries
silver bullets.
So she laid her eyes
on you. huh. Zuko?
I bet that's not
all she's laid on him.
Hey. Zuk.
I got a car. remember?
- Come on. Danny.
- All right.
- I swiped my brother's ID.
- Give me this. Give me this.
Give me that.
- You ride in the front with me.
- He was so nice to me this summer.
Listen. Sandy.
Men are rats.
Listen to me.
They're fleas on rats.
Worse than that.
They're amoebas on fleas on rats.
They're too low
for even the dogs to bite.
The only man a girl
can depend on is her daddy.
- Know what you need?
- What?
A night out with the girls.
- Huh?
- Yeah.
We're having a sleepover
at my house tonight.
- Wanna come?
- Yeah.
Good. You'll love it.
Come on.
- Hey. look. it's Jan.
- Brush-a. brush-a. brush-a
Get the new Ipana
With the brand-new flavor
It's dandy for your teeth
Brush-a. brush-a. brush-a
New Ipana toothpaste
Knocks out decay germs fast
Fast! Faster!
You sure are right!
Turn it off.
Hey. hand me a ciggy butt.
Me too.
You want one. Sandy?
- No. I don't smoke.
- You don't?
Go ahead. Try it. It won't kill you.
Give her a Hit Parade.
I forgot to tell you. You shouldn't
inhale unless you're used to it.
Let me teach you
how to French inhale it.
It's really cool. Watch.
God. that is the ugliest-looking
thing I ever saw.
The guys really go for it. That's
how I got my nickname Frenchie.
Sure it is.
How about a little Sneaky Pete
to get the party going?
Italian Swiss Colony.
Wow. It's imported.
I brought some Twinkies.
Anybody want one?
Twinkies and wine?
That's real class.
It says right here
it is a "dessert wine."
- Hey. Sandy didn't get any wine.
- Oh. that's okay.
Bet you never had
a drink before either.
Yes. I did. I had some champagne
at my cousin's wedding once.
Ring-a-ding-ding.
What's wrong?
We don't got cooties.
Sandy. would you like me
to pierce your ears for you?
Shut up.
Isn't that
awfully dangerous?
No. I know what I'm doing.
I'm gonna be a beautician.
What's the matter.
you afraid?
- No. I'm not.
- Here. You can use my virgin pin.
It's nice to know
it's good for something.
- Perfect.
- I don't think it's a good idea.
- It's okay.
- My father won't like--
Why don't we go
into the bathroom.
My mother will kill me
if I get blood all over the carpet.
- What?
- It only bleeds for a second.
- I don't feel very well.
- Don't worry about it.
If she screws up. she can always fix
your hair so your ears don't show.
Sandy. Sandy.
beauty is pain.
Would you please get me some ice
to numb her earlobes?
Just let the cold water run
and stick her ear under the faucet.
Personally.
I'm getting rather chilly.
Hey. what's that?
- It's from Bobby in Korea.
- Are you going with a Korean?
- Dummy. he's a marine.
- A marine?
- Wanna see a picture?
- What--
God. you're turning
into a one-woman USO.
Hey. you guys.
Sandy's sick.
I just did one ear.
She saw the blood and--
You ain't gettin'
your hands on my ears.
Well. you'll be sorry.
I have been accepted
to LaCafury Beauty School.
- You're dropping out of Rydell?
- I don't look at it as dropping out.
I look at it as a very
strategic career move.
Why's it torn in half?
His old girlfriend
was in the picture.
Sandy. here's
your toothbrush.
Thanks. Frenchie.
I'm sorry to be so much trouble.
Oh. it's okay.
Miss Goody Two-Shoes
makes me wanna barf.
Look at me
I'm Sandra Dee
Lousy with virginity
Won't go to bed
till I'm legally wed
I can't
I'm Sandra Dee
Watch it.
Hey. I'm Doris Day
I was not brought up
that way
Won't come across
Even Rock Hudson lost
His heart to Doris Day
hey. hey
I don't drink.
Or swear.
I don't rat my hair.
I get ill from one cigarette.
Keep your filthy paws...
off my silky drawers.
Would you pull that crap
with Annette?
As for you. Troy Donahue
I know what you wanna do
You've got your crust
I'm no object of lust
I'm just plain Sandra Dee
Elvis! Elvis!
Let me be.
Keep that pelvis
far from me.
Just keep your cool
Now you're starting to drool
I'm Sandra Dee.
You're making fun of me. Rizz?
Some people are so touchy.
It smelled just like
the halls of old Rydell
And then you gotta use
the toilet
And later on you start
to scratch like hell
Shut up. you vultures!
I changed my mind.
Let's get out of here.
- What do you mean?
- What do you mean. what do I mean?
They can't come in here.
My folks will flip.
- Putzie. why don't you call her?
- Let's get out of here.
- Sandy. Wherefore art thou. Sandy?
- Sit down. Let's go.
You goody-goodies
are too much for me.
I'm gonna get my kicks while
I'm still young enough to get 'em.
What's she gonna do.
shimmy down the drain pipe?
- Look. there's Rizzo.
- You're doing that without a net.
Swell bunch you are
rushing to help a lady.
- Lady? I don't see a lady.
- Shut up. Shut up!
What's up. Kenick?
One guess.
- You got a lot to offer a girl.
- Yeah. You know it.
What say. Zuk?
- You're lookin' good. Rizz.
- Eat your heart out.
Well. sloppy seconds
ain't my style.
Where you going.
to flog your log?
Much better than hanging
around with you dorks.
Your chariot. my lady.
I don't know what I ever saw
in Danny Zuko.
Don't sweat it. honey.
Have one of mine.
- There's so many of them.
- I know.
- How do you keep up with them all?
- I'm a terrific pen pal.
Hopelessly devoted
to each and every one.
- What are you doing?
- Okay.
What do you guys think this is.
a gang bang?
You wish.
Hit the pavement!
You gotta be kidding.
I said now! Move it!
- Remember us in your will.
- Come here.
When a guy picks a chick over his
buddies. something gotta be wrong.
- You said it.
- Let's go for a slice of pizza.
Yeah.
Can I have some of that?
Sure.
Thanks.
Wait.
Guess mine is not
the first heart broken
My eyes are not the first
To cry
I'm not the first to know
There's just no gettin'
over you
You know I'm just a fool
Who's willin'
To sit around
And wait for you
But. baby. can't you see
There's nothin' else
for me to do
I'm hopelessly devoted
To you
But now
There's nowhere to hide
Since you pushed
my love aside
I'm out of my head
Hopelessly devoted
To you
My head is saying
Fool. forget him
My heart is saying
Don't let go
Hold on to the end
And that's what
I intend to do
I'm hopelessly devoted
To you
But now
There's nowhere to hide
Since you pushed
my love aside
I'm out of my head
Hopelessly devoted
To you
- To you
- Hopelessly devoted to you
Is acne ruining your life?
Do you close your eyes
when you look in the mirror?
Fear no more.
Face up to Face-off...
for deep penetration
into infected pores.
Help dry up the unsightly
pimples and blemishes...
that are taking the fun
out of your teen years--
Could you call me
by my first name?
Betty. Betty.
- Have you got something?
- Are you kidding?
My 25-cent
insurance policy.
Big spender.
- What?
- It broke.
How could it break?
I bought it when I was
in the seventh grade.
- What the hell.
- Oh. baby.
- What the hell you're doin'?
- You're in a no-parking zone.
The whole place is
a no-parking zone. crater face.
- Yeah?
- Yeah!
- You're gonna pay for that.
- 75 cents for the whole car...
including your chick.
We'll just have
to bang out the dent.
The problem isn't in the dent.
It's in this rubber-band engine.
The problem's in your mouth.
Where you gonna get
a new carburetor?
Ever hear of borrowing?
- Kenickie. you got any scotch tape?
- Hey. big stuff.
- What do you drive?
- I drive.
- Yeah? How about you?
- Who. me?
- Yeah.
- Well. what about Doody?
- What? I-- Well. I--
- That's what I thought.
Come on. guys. This car could
be a major piece of machinery.
Look at this.
This car could
be systematic...
hydromatic...
ultramatic.
Why. it could be
Greased Lightnin'.
We'll get some overhead lifters
and four-barrel quads. oh. yeah
Keep talkin'
whoa. keep talkin'
Fuel injection cutoff
and chrome-plated rods. oh. yeah
We'll get her ready
I'll kill to get her ready
With a four-speed on the floor
they'll be waitin' at the door
You know that ain't no shit
We'll be gettin' lots of tit
- In Greased Lightnin'
- Go. go. go. go-go-go-go-go-go
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You're burnin' up the quarter mile
Greased Lightnin'
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You're coastin' through
the heat lap trials
Greased Lightnin'
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You are supreme
The chicks will cream
For Greased Lightnin'
Go. go. go
go-go-go-go-go-go
Purple fringe tail lights
and 30-inch fins. oh. yeah
A palomino dashboard
and dual muffler twins. oh. yeah
With new pistons. plugs and shocks
I can get off my rocks
You know that I ain't braggin'
She's a real pussy wagon
Greased Lightnin'
Go. go. go
go-go-go-go-go-go
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You're burnin' up the quarter mile
Greased Lightnin'
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You're coastin' through
the heat lap trials
Greased Lightnin'
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You are supreme
The chicks will cream
For Greased Lightnin'
Go. go. go
go-go-go-go-go-go
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You're burnin' up the quarter mile
Greased Lightnin'
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You're coastin' through
the heat lap trials
Greased Lightnin'
Go. Greased Lightnin'
You are supreme
The chicks will cream
For Greased Lightnin'
Lightnin'
Lightnin'. Lightnin'
- Yeah
- Lightnin'
- Guys. let's get to work.
- Yeah. Let's go.
Hey. Captain!
Man. those Scorpions.
they're askin' for it.
Danny. what's up? You still
thinkin' about that chick?
What. are you nuts?
- I was just thinkin'--
- Don't think so much.
That's cool. That's cool.
Hey. guys.
- Zuko. sit over here.
- How's it hangin'?
The meeting's in session.
Know what I heard? Last year the
fuzz had Thunder Road staked out...
and everybody got hauled
to the clink.
Nobody's gonna catch
Greased Lightnin'.
- Yeah?
- Yeah.
- Somebody snakin' you. Danny?
- Oh. bite the weenie. Rizz.
With relish.
- I don't know about these chicks.
- They're only good for one thing.
Then what are you supposed
to do with them...
for the other 23 hours
and 45 minutes of the day?
Is that all it takes.
1 5 minutes?
Want some new music?
Yeah.
I need some money.
Thanks.
I'll be right back.
Hi. Danny.
- I can't talk to you right now.
- What are you doing later?
- I can't talk. all right?
- Call me.
- Hi. Sandy.
- Oh. hi.
- How are you?
- Fine. thanks.
Well. that's good.
Hey. Sandy. I've been wantin'
to talk to you for a long time.
What about?
About that night at the bonfire.
The way I acted. that was terrible.
I mean. it really was.
It wasn't me. You gotta know that.
It was me. of course.
But it wasn't me.
And I--
Sandy. I got
this image. right?
That's why I'm so glad
that Tom's such a simple person.
Simple's right. Too bad
his brains are in his biceps.
Jealous. are you?
Jealous? Oh. come on. Sandy.
Don't make me laugh.
What have you ever done?
Oh. Oh. come on. I can run
circles around those jerks.
I'll believe that
when I see it.
Let's start with the first rule--
cutting down to two packs a day.
Here we go.
What sort of athletics
are you interested in?
- Do you like the rings?
- Yeah. I installed some rings...
just a couple of weeks ago.
Well. the first thing we have
to do is. you have to change.
I know. That's why I'm here--
to change.
No. your clothes.
Let's knock it off.
Fellas...
I wanna introduce
a new man-- Danny.
Let's give him a tryout.
- You better watch it.
- Come on. come on.
- A little fire. Here we go.
- Come on! Come on!
Watch it.
You have to dribble.
- Here you go. Coach.
- Thank you. son.
Just dribble the ball. put it in
the basket. Think you can do that?
Can I do that?
- Okay. let's go.
- Danny. over here.
Let's go.
- Come on. Arnold.
- Get it up.
That's good.
- Get him. Danny.
- Here we are. Go. go!
Get him.
That's it. That's it.
- What did I do?
- Is he kidding?
I want you to meet
your wrestling partner.
Danny. Andy.
- Are you crazy?
- Come on. come on.
Come on. Let's start.
Get in the first position.
Danny. you get down.
Okay. Andy. get on.
Ready?
Hold it. Hold it.
Come on.
Danny. you gotta try.
Try. Come on.
All right. Andy. let's change
positions. You get down. Come on.
All right. Ready?
- Give?
- Yeah. I give.
Good.
He's a hitter.
You're gonna like baseball.
It's not much of a contact sport.
Get in there
and see what you can do.
- Throw the ball. Let's play.
- Where would you like it?
Let's pitch this guy
out of here.
This boy can't even bat.
Can't even hold--
- Strike!
- I told you. He doesn't even swing.
What kind of ballplayer are you?
Put it in here. pitcher.
Strike!
A little pepper. A little fire.
Let's see you hit it.
Put it in. Put it in.
Foul ball!
- Easy. easy. easy. easy.
- Come on.
Put the bat down.
There's a lot of other sports
that don't have any contact at all.
- Oh. yeah? Like what?
- Like track.
- What do you mean. running?
- It ain't just like running.
It's something that needs endurance.
something that needs stamina...
Iike long-distance running...
cross-country running.
- That could be cool.
- Good.
Come on.
Keep those legs high!
Are you all right?
Danny. talk to me.
The least you can do is talk to me
after the way you treated me.
The way I treated--
I told you I was sorry about that.
I got you talking.
- You sure you're okay?
- Yes. I'm fine.
You're still going out
with that jockstrap?
Well--
Well. is he taking you
to the dance?
- That all depends.
- On what?
- On you.
- On me?
- Yeah.
- He can stag it.
Come on.
Sandy. come on.
Let's go someplace else.
Why?
Because we can't
be alone here. that's why.
Two burgers
and a moo juice coming up.
You nearly pulled
my arm out of the socket.
I didn't wanna miss this table.
It's the best table they got.
- What are you doing?
- I just want a little privacy.
- What'll it be. kids?
- Cherry soda. please.
I'm not very hungry.Just give me
a double burger with everything...
and a cherry soda
with chocolate ice cream.
That sounds good.
I'll have the same.
The same?
You can eat a lot.
- You're funny.
- No. I'm not. You are.
- How you doin'. Zuk?
- Hi. Rizzo. How are you?
Peachy keen. jellybean.
You got a couple of quarters?
We can split an Eskimo Pie.
My dutch-treat days
are over.
You plan
on staying home a lot.
Greetings. pals and gals.
I got 23 cents. Anybody wanna
chip in for a Dogsled Delight?
I don't know
where all my money goes.
A dime here.
1 5 cents there.
Another couple of months. Frenchie
will be able to take us all out.
- A working girl with income.
- That's right.
They don't pay you very much
to start off with.
That's still more than we make.
so ante up...
because I don't get
my allowance until Friday.
- You get an allowance?
- When I'm a good boy. I do.
Viola. a Dogsled Delight
with four spoons!
- And an Eskimo Pie with a knife.
- Hiya. gang!
Hi.Jan. Hi. Putz.
Here you are.
Grab it and growl.
I got so many hickeys.
people will think I'm a leper.
Cheer up. A hickey from Kenickie
is like a Hallmark card.
"When you care enough
to send the very best."
You pig.
I love it
when you talk dirty.
My parents want to invite you
for tea on Sunday. Want to come?
- I don't like tea.
- You don't have to drink tea.
Well. I don't like parents.
Want some?
You sure
are a cheap date.
I didn't mean it
the way it came out.
I understand.
I always thought you were
a very understanding person.
I am.
And I also think that there's
more to you than just fat.
Thanks.
You're welcome.
You got a date for the dance-off?
- You wanna go?
- Yeah.
I'll be a senior forever. I have to
study for that dumb algebra test.
You're in luck. luscious.
You got an armed escort home.
It's not the arms
I'm worried about. Sonny.
It's the hands.
She loves me.
- You comin'. French?
- I don't think so.
I think I'd like to hang out
a little bit longer.
- All right.
- I have been dieting all day long.
My mom's apple pie
is better than this stuff.
- You want a piece?
- Yeah. sure.
- Hey. Putzie.
- Yeah?
Fifteen minutes.
I'm kind of worried
about this dance-off.
Maybe they dance differently
than we do back home.
Don't worry about it. Maybe
we'll invent the kangaroo bop.
Let's get
out of here. Sandy.
Zuk. see you later.
- Bye. Frenchie.
- See you. Sandy.
Great. I get stuck with
the check again. Give me money.
Okay. what is it?
What's with you tonight?
You got the personality
of a wet mop.
- Don't start with me.
- Sure. fine. Eureka.
- How about I finish with you?
- Finish this!
To you from me. Pinky Lee.
Sorry. French.
Rizzo. I wanna talk to you. now!
No use crying
over spilled milk shake.
Oh. I'll be okay.
It's near closing time.
Do you mind if I stay around
a little longer. Vi?
No. Suit yourself.
- Wow!
- What?
Well. I hate to tell you this. but
your hair looks like an Easter egg.
Oh. yeah. Well. I had a little
trouble in tinting class.
In fact. I had a little trouble
in all my classes.
Beauty school sure wasn't
what I thought it was gonna be.
Oh. nothing ever is.
I dropped out.
What do you think
of waitressing?
You're too young to know.
Maybe I could be
a telephone operator.
I don't think I would like to wear
those little things over my ears.
God. if only I could have
a guardian angel...
to tell me what to do...
Iike Debbie Reynolds
had in Tammy.
What do you think?
If you find him.
give him my phone number.
Your story's sad to tell
A teenage ne'er-do-well
Most mixed-up nondelinquent
On the block
Your future's
so unclear now
What's left
of your career now
Can't even get a trade-in
On your smock
Beauty school dropout
No graduation day for you
Missed your midterms
and flunked shampoo
Well. at least you
could have taken time
To wash and clean
your clothes up
After spendin'
all that dough
To have the doctor
fix your nose up
- Baby. get movin'
Why keep your
feeble hopes alive
- What are you proving
You've got the dream
but not the drive
If you go for your diploma
You could join a steno pool
Turn in your teasing comb
and go back to high school
- Beauty school dropout
Hangin' around
the corner store
Beauty school dropout
It's about time
you knew the score
Well. they couldn't
teach you anything
You think you're
such a looker
But no customer
would go to you
Unless she was a hooker
- Baby. don't sweat it
- Don't sweat it
You're not cut out
to hold the job
- You better forget it
- Forget it
Who wants their hair done
by a slob
Now your bangs are curled
your lashes twirled
But still
the world is cruel
Wipe off that angel face
and go back to high school
Baby. don't blow it
Don't put
my good advice to shame
Baby. you know it
Even Dear Abby'd
say the same
Now. I've called the shot
Get off the pot
I really gotta fly
Gotta be going
To that
Malt shop
In the...
..sky
- Beauty school dropout
Go back to high school
- Just lower your head.
- What are you doin'?
Come on. Kenickie.
Give him a break.
- I'll give you a break. all right.
- We're working the brakes later.
Move over. slick.
Hey. fruitcake.
you got it on backwards.
What kind of car did you
swipe this from anyway?
Your mother's.
- Take the other cable up.
- A ramp's at the service door.
Can you believe it?
We'll be on nationwide television.
- Oh. well.
- You still gonna go to the dance?
Man. I'm gonna have
the hottest date there.
Biggest thing that ever happened to
Rydell High. and we don't have dates.
What about Rudy
from the Capri Lounge?
- Get serious.
- It's a suggestion.
I already called him.
Relax. I think
our luck is changing.
Do you know
what you're doing?
What we're doing.
Come on.
Hey. Marty.
you're looking good.
Could you just
excuse me one second?
You're feeling good too. huh?
Sonny. there he is!
Look. That's Vince Fontaine.
Yeah. I've seen better
heads on a mug of beer.
Would you grow up?
He's the living end.
Yeah. if you like older guys.
Danny. this is so exciting.
Yeah. see. what you gotta do is you
make friends with the cameraman.
- You know the cameraman?
- Yeah. His name's Ted.
Doody. how do I look?
Like a beautiful
blonde pineapple.
That's good. That's good.
You're late. fellas. Where ya been?
- Boy. the gym never looked so good.
- Did you bring the provisions?
I want a big circle here.
a big circle.
Come on. boys and girls. we are
going on the air very shortly.
But first. let's have
some warm-up numbers...
with Johnny Casino
and the Gamblers.
Rock
Oh. baby. rock
Oh. baby. rock and roll
is here to stay
It will never die
It was meant to be that way
Though I don't know why
I don't care what people say
Rock and roll is here to stay
We don't care what people say
Everybody rock
Come on
If you don't like rock and roll
Think what you've been missin'
But if you like
to bop and stroll
Come on down and listen
Let's all start to have a ball
Everybody rock and roll
Rock
Oh. baby. rock
- What are their names?
Fred and Ginger.
- "Fred and Ginger."
- Tell him the truth.
- I hope I don't get camera fright.
- Oh. don't worry about it.
- We're gonna be cool. all right?
- Yeah.
Don't worry? Good.
Come on. let's go.
What's that playing
on the radio
Why do I start swaying
to and fro
I have never heard
that song before
But if l don't hear it anymore
Why don't you let me lead
for a change?
I can't help it.
I'm used to lead.
Okay.
Doody. can't you turn me
around or something?
Don't talk. French.
I'm trying to count.
A melody
that's never the same
that's calling your name
Did you ever think about
taking up singing professionally?
Please come back to me
Please--
Hey. Zuko. Zuk. Zuk!
I want you to meet
Cha Cha DiGregorio.
- How ya doin'. Zuko. baby?
- Fine.
- Who is she?
- They call me Cha Cha...
'cause I'm the best dancer
at St. Bernadette's.
With the worst reputation.
Let's go. Sandy.
Who's that girl?
She's just a girl I know.
that's all.
Hi.
I'm Vince Fontaine.
Hey. do your folks know I come
into your room every night?
Over KZAZ. that is.
- I'm judging the dance contest.
- I don't think I'm entered.
A knockout like you?
What's your name?
- Marty.
- Marty what?
Maraschino.
You know. like in cherry.
- What are you doing?
- Washing my hands.
You don't remember me
But I remember you
It was not so long ago
You broke my heart in two
Tears on my pillow
Pain in my heart
Caused by you
you. you. you. you
How do you know her?
She's an old friend
of the family. that's all.
Love is not a toy
When you find
the one you love
- Aren't you glad to be back?
- Oh. yeah.
Besides. blondes
do have more fun.
If we can start a new
I wouldn't hesitate
When I hear music.
I just can't make my feet behave.
- Thinks she's Tinker Bell.
- Hush. Sonny.
Pain in my heart
Caused by you
You...
The Rydell fight song!
- When you are finished--
- We're finished!
You will be happy to know that
I am not judging the dance contest.
I think we all owe
a round of applause...
to Patty Simcox and Eugene Felsnick
and committee...
for their beautiful decorations.
Let's hear it
for the toilet paper!
In a few moments. the entire nation
will be watching Rydell High--
God help us--
and I want you all to be
on your best behavior.
No heinie-biting!
And now here he is.
the prince of the platters...
Mr. Vince Fontaine.
Mr. Vince Fontaine!
Hiya. kids.
Hey. it's great being here
at Rydell High.
What's your name.
sweetheart?
- Hiya. honey.
- And now for the rules.
Game rule one:
All couples must be boy/girl.
Too bad. Eugene.
All right. all right.
come on.
Game rule two: During the contest.
if you're tapped on the shoulder...
you must leave the floor
immediately or else.
- I mean that.
- And rule three:
Anyone doing tasteless
or vulgar movements...
will be disqualified.
That leaves us out.
Can we keep it clean. please?
Let's keep it clean.
- Twenty seconds.
- Oh. twenty seconds.
Thank you. fans and friends
and odds and ends.
And now for you gals and guys.
a few words to the wise.
You Jims and Sals are my best pals.
And to look your best
for the big contest...
just be yourselves
and have a ball.
That's what it's all about.
after all.
So forget about the camera
and think about the beat.
We'll give the folks at home
a real big treat.
Don't worry about where the camera is.
Just keep on dancing. that's ShowBiz.
Hey. if I tap your shoulder.
move to the side.
Let the others finish the ride.
Ten seconds. nine. eight...
seven. six. five. four...
three. two. one!
On the air!
Hello. Welcome to
National Bandstand...
coming to you live
from Rydell High School.
This is the event you've all been
waiting for. The National Dance-Off.
And away we go with
Johnny Casino and the Gamblers.
You ain't nothin'
but a hound dog
Cryin' all the time
You ain't nothin'
but a hound dog
Cryin' all the time
Well. you ain't never
caught a rabbit
And you ain't
no friend of mine
- Look. there's a camera!
They said you has high class
Well. that was just a lie
Called y'all high class
That was just a lie
Oh. that's Putzie and Jan.
You ain't no friend of mine
Take it. boy.
They said you has high class
Well. that was just a lie
Called y'all high class
That was just a lie
Well. you ain't never caught
a rabbit and you ain't no friend--
There's Danny and Sandy.
You ain't nothin'
but a hound dog
Cryin' all the time
Well. you ain't never
caught a rabbit
You ain't
no friend of mine
Now to the event you've all been
waiting for: The National Dance-Off.
Some lucky guy and gal
is gonna go boppin' home...
with some
fantabulous prizes.
But don't feel bad
if l bum youse out...
'cause it doesn't matter
if you win or lose...
it's what you do
with your dancing shoes.
Hey. does everybody here
know Marty?
Okay. cats. throw your mittens
around your kittens. and away we go!
That wasn't
supposed to happen.
Let's go!
Let's hand  jive!
Before I was born
late one night
My papa said
everything's all right
The doctor made my ma
lay down
With her stomach
bouncin' all around
'Cause a bebop stork
was about to arrive
My mom gave birth
to the hand jive
I could barely walk
when I milked a cow
When I was three
I pushed a plow
While choppin' wood
I'd move my legs
And started dancin'
while I gathered eggs
The townfolk clapped
I was only five
I'd outdance them all
He's born to hand jive
Yes. move it. buddy!
Go. go. go. go. go. go. go!
Shake it. shake it. shake it!
Shimmy. shimmy. shimmy!
Atta girl!
Oh. yeah. yeah. yeah
Everybody!
Born to hand jive. baby
Yeah. here we go.
Hey. break it up.
What is that? Break it up!
Yeah. yeah. yeah. yeah!
Come on. now.
Shake it.
Yeah!
Twist it!
All right. get it.
How low can you go
No. no. no.
you bad boy! Not here!
There you go.
Come on. now.
Hand  jive!
Hand  jive.
Sonny!
Come on. Zuko.
we'll show'em.
That's the stuff!
Do it. baby!
Do it!
That's the hand  jive
grand  jive!
Yeah. now let's bring it up now!
Bring it on up!
Higher!
And higher!
Now can you hand jive. baby
Oh. can you hand jive. baby
Oh. yeah
Born to hand jive
Oh. yeah.
Now let's meet'em.
Here they are. the new champs.
Come on. Come on up here.
Can I have
your names. please?
Cha Cha DiGregorio
and Danny Zuko!
Cha Cha and Danny.
congratulations.
- Come on. We're gonna do it now.
- Where's Marty?
- Don't worry. She's in good hands.
- Whose?
I didn't know.
Now let's see our champs
in a spotlight dance.
Blue moon
You saw me standing alone
Without a dream in my heart
Without a love of my own
Ready? One. two. three. go!
Blue moon--
I wonder who that is
on the right.
We have pictures
of you so-called mooners.
And just because the pictures
aren't of your faces...
doesn't mean
we can't identify you.
At this very moment those pictures
are on the way to Washington...
where the FBI has experts
in this type of identification.
If you turn
yourselves in now...
you may escape
a federal charge.
Never before has the screen
thundered with the sounds--
Come on. Watch your heads.
Putzie. move it out.
I feel like a meatball in here.
- Okay. let's go find the chicks.
- Yeah!
There's music and mirth
all over the map--
Hold my money. Don't let me
go near the refreshment stand.
All right.
I'm not hungry.
Hey. what happened?
There's nobody here.
Oh. come on. Sandy. I told you
on the phone that I was sorry.
- I know that you did.
- You do believe me. don't you?
Well. yes. but I still think that
you and Cha Cha went together.
We did not go together. Sandy.
We just went together. that's all.
- It's the same thing.
- No. No. No.
And watch'em flip
on the Las Vegas strip...
when the boys go crazy
at the crap table.
We gotta warn you. the last plane
is coming to California--
Oh. Sandy. I'm sorry. I--
Sandy.
would you wear my ring?
Danny. I don't know
what to say.
- Say yes.
- Yes!
Oh. Danny.
this means so much to me...
'cause I know now
that you respect me.
- Hey. Rizz.
- Watch it.
- What is with you tonight?
- I feel like a defective typewriter.
- Huh?
- I skipped a period.
- You think you're PG?
- I don't know. Big deal.
- Was it Kenickie?
- Nah. You don't know the guy.
Hey. look. Rizz. it's okay.
I caught Vince Fontaine tryin' to
put aspirin in my Coke at the dance.
Hey. Marty. you ain't gonna
tell nobody about this. right?
Oh. sure. Rizz. Look.
I'll take it to the grave. okay?
Coming through. Coming through.
Come on. Lady with a baby.
Hey. Marty. what's up?
Rizz is pregnant.
Hey. Rizzo got
a bun in the oven.
Rizzo's knocked up.
Rizzo. I hear you're knocked up.
You do. huh?
Boy. good news really travels fast.
- Why didn't you tell me about it?
- What's it to you?
- I might be able to do something.
- You did enough.
I don't run away
from my mistakes.
Hey. don't worry about it. Kenickie.
It was somebody else's mistake.
Thanks a lot. kid.
Anytime.
- I hope you're not getting a cold.
- Oh. no. no.
It's just probably
a little drive-in dust. that's all.
Was it true?
Could space monsters
mate with Earth women?
See the startling answer
in the shocker of them all--
- Danny. what are you doing?
- Oh. Sandy!
Don't worry about it.
Nobody's watchin'.
Get off me!
Sandy. what's
the matter with you?
- I thought I meant something to you.
- Meant something to you?
You think I'm gonna stay here
with you in this-- this sin wagon?
You can take this piece of tin!
Sandy. you just can't
walk out of a drive-in!
Stranded at the drive-in
Branded a fool
What will they say
Monday at school
Sandy
Can't you see
I'm in misery
We made a start
Now we're apart
There's nothing left for me
Love has flown
All alone
I sit and wonder why
Oh. why you left me
Oh. Sandy
Baby
Someday
When high school is done
Somehow
Someway
Our two worlds will be one
In heaven
Forever
And ever we will be
Oh. please say you'll stay
Oh. Sandy
Sandy. my darling...
you hurt me real bad.
You know it's true.
But. baby. you got to
believe me when I say...
I'm helpless without you.
Love has flown
All alone.. I sit
I wonder why
Oh. why you left me
Oh. Sandy
Sandy
Why...
Oh. Sandy.
- Head it out. Come on. guys.
- All right.
Move it out. Move it out.
Move it out.
Oh. well.
the crate shaped up...
and it's as hot
as the parts on it.
We didn't steal all of it.
Some of it was donated.
This baby's gonna knock'em
on their ears at Thunder Road.
Right! You could still
change your mind.
- The flag goes down in three hours.
- And Greased Lightnin' strikes.
Miss Murdock. you coming?
I don't expect my boys
to let me down...
and I won't let them down.
That's right.
Way to go. Murdock.
I wanna talk to you.
Look. those guys at Thunder Road.
they don't fool around.
- You know that. right?
- What. you want me to punk out?
No. I'm not saying punkin' out.
but I'm just--
You know what I mean.
Hey. Danny...
we've been friends
a long time. right?
Yeah.
You remember the drive-in
the other night and the movie...
and there was the duel and the
guy's best friend went with him...
and it was like his lieutenant.
like his second. you know?
Yeah. So?
I thought that you could maybe
be my second at Thunder Road.
What do you mean? You want me
to drive with you or what?
Oh. hey! Hey!
Well. listen. I'll pick you up
at 3:00. all right?
- Yeah. See you later.
- Yeah.
Hey. open up the door. What are
you guys standing around for?
Get the can off
the front of the car!
Oh. hello. Rizz.
You going to Thunder Road?
Not a chance.
I've got to go.
I have to talk to Danny.
Unless you got wheels and a motor.
he won't know you're alive.
Listen. Rizz. I know that we
haven't been the best of friends...
- but if there's anything I can do--
- Oh. I can take care of myself...
and anybody else
who comes along.
You think I don't know what
people are saying about me?
Hey.
Thanks.
That's the one I was
telling you about.
There are worse things
I could do
Than go with a boy or two
Even though the neighborhood
thinks I'm trashy
And no good
I suppose it could be true
But there are
worse things I could do
I could flirt
with all the guys
Smile at them
and bat my eyes
Press against them
when we dance
Make them think
they stand a chance
Then refuse
to see it through
That's a thing
I'd never do
I could stay home
Every night
Wait around
For Mr. Right
Take cold showers every day
And throw my life away
On a dream
that won't come true
I could hurt
someone like me
Out of spite or jealousy
I don't steal and I don't lie
But I can feel and I can cry
A fact I'll bet you never knew
But to cry in front of you
That's the worst thing
I could do
So you guys think you
got a winner there. huh?
- That's right.
- It takes more than paint...
- to make it at Thunder Road.
- Oh. yeah?
You guys ain't thinkin' about
changing your mind. are ya?
- No way.
- Good. We're racing for pinks.
Pinks?
Pinks. you punk! Pink slips.
Ownership papers.
Zuk. come on! Don't worry about it.
I'll take care of it. all right?
Hey. get the dude. man!
- What did she give him?
- A lock of hair from her chest.
Poor Kenickie.
See a penny. pick it up.
All day long. you'll have good luck.
Give me that.
If it were in any better condition.
it would fly.
- Well. she's gonna.
- Here. Kenickie.
I brought you a little
something for good luck.
Gee. thanks.
- Oh. I'm sorry.
- Don't worry about it. I'll get it.
You putz!
- What happened?
- Put this under his head.
- Zuko. he's out cold.
- What are we gonna do?
Kenickie. hey.
talk to me. buddy.
- What?
- You okay?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm okay.
I'm fine.
- Oh. God.
- Oh. you can't drive.
Hey. no. really.
I'm all right.
I'm just seeing
two of you. man.
Hey. you want me
to drive for you. huh?
Yeah. Yeah.
All right. Come on.
Let's help him up.
- Come on.
- Hey. Marty. give me a hand.
Hey. The rules are
there ain't no rules.
To the second bridge and back.
The one who makes it here first wins.
Haul ass. kid.
You ain't gonna
see me for dust.
Go. Danny. go!
Go! Go! Go! Go! Go!
Come on. baby.
- Freaks!
- You mother!
Hey. Danny!
You were great!
For he's a jolly good fellow
Which nobody can deny
Look at me
There has to be
Something more
than what they see
Wholesome and pure
Oh. so scared and unsure
A poor man's Sandra Dee
- Sandy. Danny won!
- Isn't that great?
- Yeah.
What's the matter?
Aren't you happy?
No. not really. Frenchie. but
I think I know a way I could be.
- Could you help me?
- Of course.
- Can I come over to your place?
- Sure. Come on.
Sandy. you must start a new
Don't you know
what you must do
Hold your head high
Take a deep breath and sigh
Come on. Sandy!
Good-bye to Sandra Dee
Attention. seniors.
Before the merriment
of commencement commences...
I hope that your years
with us here at Rydell High...
have prepared you
for the challenges you face.
Who knows? Among you there may be
a future Eleanor Roosevelt...
or a Rosemary Clooney.
And among you young men.
there may be...
a Joe DiMaggio.
a President Eisenhower...
or even a Vice President Nixon.
But always you will have the
glorious memories of Rydell High.
Rydell forever.
Bon voyage.
Oh. Blanche. stop blubbering.
- How many?
- One.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe it!
- How can we flunk phys ed?
- Did I take phys ed?
Step right up here.
It's for a wonderful cause--
the teachers' retirement fund.
Give'em a pie in the puss.
Coach Calhoun. how could you
have flunked the T-birds?
Don't worry.
You'll get your diplomas.
- All you have to do is come back to summer school.
- Summer school? Look out!
Now. see? If you had come to class.
you wouldn't have missed me.
Oh. a wise guy. huh?
Take that!
- You stink!
- You couldn't pitch one inning.
- What's your name? I want you!
- It's Eugene.
- You're a great pitcher.
- Oh. thank you.
Rizzo! Hey. Rizzo!
Get off of that thing!
You got a condition!
Forget it!
It was a false alarm.
- What?
- I'm not pregnant!
I'll make
an honest woman of you.
Listen. fella. if this is a line.
I ain't bitin'.
- That's a bonafide offer.
- Well. it ain't moonlight and roses.
Hey. there's Zuko.
You gotta be kiddin'. man!
Hey. hey. what is this.
Halloween?
Where did you swipe
this letterman's sweater?
While you tools were out stealing
hubcaps. I lettered in track.
- How do you like that?
- I can't believe it.
- Danny Zuko turned jock?
- That's right. I did.
What are you doing.
deserting us?
You guys can't follow a leader
all your lives. can you?
Oh. come on. guys.
you know you mean a lot to me.
It's just that Sandy does too. and I'm
gonna do anything I can to get her.
That's all.
Tell me about it. stud.
I got chills
They're multiplyin'
And I'm losin' control
'Cause the power you're supplyin'
It's electrifyin'
Electrifyin'
You better shape up
'Cause I need a man
And my heart
is set on you
You better shape up
You better understand
To my heart
I must be true
Nothin' left
Nothin' left for me to do
- You're the one that I want
- You are the one I want
- Honey. the one that I want
The one I need
Oh. yes. indeed
If you're filled with affection
You're too shy to convey
Meditate in my direction
Feel your way
I better shape up
-'Cause you need a man
- I need a man
Who can keep me satisfied
I better shape up
- If I'm gonna prove
- You better prove
That my faith is justified
- Are you sure
- Yes. I'm sure down deep inside
- You're the one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
The one I need
Oh. yes. indeed
- You're the one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
The one I need
Oh. yes. indeed
- You're the one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
The one I need
Oh. yes. indeed
- You're the one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
Ooh. ooh. ooh. honey
- The one that I want
- You are the one I want
The one I need
Oh. yes. indeed
You're the one that I want
Hey. everybody!
Rizzo and Kenickie made up!
- All right!
- Oh. look! All the gang's together!
What are we gonna do
after graduation?
Yeah. Maybe we'll never
see each other again.
- Nah. that'll never happen.
- How do you know?
What do you mean.
how do I know?
A wop bama luma
A wop bam boom
We go together
Like rama lama lama
ka dinga da ding-dong
Remembered forever
As shoo-bop sha wadda-wadda
yippity boom de-boom
Chang chang
changitty chang-shoo-bop
That's the way
it should be
Wha-ooh. yeah
We're one of a kind
Like dip da dip da dip
Doo wop a doo-bee doo
Our names are signed
Boogedy boogedy boogedy boogedy
Shooby doo wop she bop
Chang chang
changitty chang-shoo-bop
We'll always be like one
Wha wha wha whaa
When we go out at night
And stars are shining bright
Up in the skies above
Or at the high school dance
Where you can find romance
Baby. it might be love
Rama lama lama
ka dinga da ding-dong
Shoo-bop sha wadda-wadda
yippity boom de-boom
Chang chang
changitty chang-shoo-bop
Dip da dip da dip
Doo wop a doo-bee doo
Boogedy boogedy boogedy boogedy
Shooby doo wop she bop
Sha-na na na na na na
Yippity dip de-doom
Rama lama lama
ka dinga da ding-dong
Shoo-bop sha wadda-wadda
yippity boom de-boom
Chang chang
changitty chang-shoo-bop
Dip da dip da dip
doo wop a doo-bee doo
Boogedy boogedy boogedy boogedy
Shooby doo wop she bop
Sha-na na na na na na
Yippity dip de-doom
- A wop bama luma
- A wop bam boom
We're for each other
Like a wop baba lu-mop
and wop bam boom
Just like my brother
Is sha-na na na na na na
Yippity dip de-doom
Chang chang
changitty chang-shoo-bop
We'll always be together
Wha-ooh. yeah
Subtitle Rip & Fixed by:
--- draculdud@yahoo.com ---
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm